DesignDocuments/userStories.md, before:

# User Stories

### Find Parts
As user, I want to be able to search the database by category (part type) so I can see a listing of all the parts of
  that type.  I wish to see quantity, cost, package types or other information about each of the listed parts at a glance.

### Find Specific Parts
As a user, I want to be able to search the database by a specific part number to see information on the stock of that part

### Read Datasheets
As a user, I want to be able to access manufacturer datasheets about a specific part

### Consume parts
As a user, I want to be able to change the parts quantities as I remove or restore parts to the database

-- MVP Ends Here--

### Login
As an Admin, I want to require users to log into the database to use it.

### Change Profile
As a user, I want to be able to manage my profile and any settings (i.e. light mode, dark mode)

### User Administration
As an administrator, I want to be able to add, update, and delete users.

### Parts Administration
As an administrator, I want to be able to manage parts quantities, and add or remove parts entries entirely.

### Activity Logging

As an administrator, I want activity to be timestamped and logged.  This would include users logging in or out, parts quantity changes, and the creation/deletion of parts entries.

Commit message:

updated User Stories, Project Plan, Journal, and TimeLog

DesignDocuments/userStories.md, after:

# User Stories

The first four user stories are part of the MVP.

### Find Parts
As user, I want to be able to search the database by category (part type) so I can see a listing of all the parts of
  that type.  I wish to see quantity, cost, package types or other information about each of the listed parts at a glance.

### Find Specific Parts
As a user, I want to be able to search the database by a specific part number to see information on the stock of that part

### Read Datasheets
As a user, I want to be able to view design specifications, and access manufacturer datasheets about a specific part

### Consume parts
As a user, I want to be able to change the parts quantities as I remove or restore parts to the database

-- MVP Ends Here--

### Login
As an Admin, I want to require users to log into the database to use it.

### Change Profile
As a user, I want to be able to manage my profile and any settings (i.e. light mode, dark mode)

### User Administration
As an administrator, I want to be able to add, update, and delete users.

### Parts Administration
As an administrator, I want to be able to manage parts quantities, attributes, and add or remove parts entries entirely.

### Activity Logging
As an administrator, I want activity to be timestamped and logged.  This would include users logging in or out, parts quantity changes, and the editing/creation/deletion of parts entries and users.
